lxd/events: Add foundation for security event emission and routing (#18027)
canonical/lxd: doc/api-extensions.md

* [`POST /1.0/cluster/links`](swagger:/cluster-links/cluster_links_post)
* [`POST /1.0/cluster/links/<name>`](swagger:/cluster-links/cluster_link_post)
* [`DELETE /1.0/cluster/links/<name>`](swagger:/cluster-links/cluster_link_delete)

## `event_security`

> Adds a new `security` event type conforming to the OWASP security event logging standard (SEC0045).

Reviewer: AFAIK SEC0045 is the internal reference. 
```suggestion
Adds a new `security` event type conforming to OWASP security event logging guidelines.
```

Author: I didn't realize that, thanks for the warning :)

* [`POST /1.0/replicators/<name>`](swagger:/replicators/replicator_post)
* [`DELETE /1.0/replicators/<name>`](swagger:/replicators/replicator_delete)
* [`GET /1.0/replicators/<name>/state`](swagger:/replicators/replicator_state_get)

> ## `event_security`

Reviewer: Just one nit about this commit. I think typically we try to make this the first commit in a PR as it helps with backporting to older versions of LXD.

Author: Oh okay, I didn't know the logical order :)
